“I'm so grateful you came into the world because you make my world better every day. ...
“Thanks for you being you and being mine.”
“It's your day, and I can't wait to celebrate it with you.”
“I hope your birthday is the happiest.”
“Happy Birthday, Beautiful.”
“Wish you were here for me to spoil today.”

1. Live your life with smiles, not tears. Beat your age with friends and not years. Happy birthday!

2. Happy birthday. I pray all your birthday wishes to come true.

3. Here is a wish for your birthday. May you receive whatever you ask for, may you find whatever you seek. Happy birthday,

4. And yet another adventurous year awaits you, and to celebrate your birthday, I wish you a king's pomp and splendor.

5. May all the joy you have spread around come back to you a hundredfold. Happy birthday.

6. Hold Tight!!! Your life is about to blast into the stratosphere. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3. 2 1 HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! P.S. don't forget your seatbelt.

7. This birthday I wish you and your family abundance, happiness, and health. May lady luck come especially for the birthday boy/girl.

8. May you receive the greatest of joys and everlasting bliss. You are a gift yourself, and you deserve the best of everything. Happy birthday.

9. Do not count the candles, but see the light they give. Don't count your years but the life you live. Happy Birthday.

10. Forget the past; it is gone. Do not think of the future; it has not come. But live in the present because it's a gift and that's why it's called the present. Happy birthday.

11. Happy birthday! Remember that the best is yet to come.

12. You are the sweetest person I know, and this birthday is a fresh beginning. I wish you confidence, courage, and capability. Happy birthday.

13. Your birthday has come around after 365 days. That's a pretty long time. Deal with the pressure because that how diamonds are made. Happy birthday.

14. Be happy, for today; you were born to bring blessings and inspiration to all. Happy birthday!




PASSAGE FOR MAMMA 

Motherhood is the best part of life a lady can have. It is a full-time job without any salary but it worth's a lot for a child. Mother's love is something that can feel, mothers love is like a blessing by God, mothers love is everything. People who escape from the love of their mothers are really very unfortunate.